---
title: "New apartment"
date: 2025-08-22T20:30:30+01:00
draft: false
categories:
- dublin life piece
tags:
- diary
---
Moved to a new apartment now. My new room is bigger now, with a long table facing the sun and the window—that's **exactly** what I want. Feel my work efficiency has also improved a little. 

I really like my roommate. She is so tidy and so organized, so self-disciplined. How can she get up at 7am every day even during the weekends? 

She lives a healthy lifestyle, a bit like a minimalist. She cooks simple food but delicious. She can even make *mantou*, and she always leaves me some food to eat as well if she cooks a lot. I have already tried her mantou, her slow-cooked beef, and her chicken soup. Really amazing. I am planning to make my own mantou next week with her—I need to buy some flour first.

H is on holiday now, and I am preparing a food menu for her. I would like to invite her for a late lunch at my place and then we can plan our Paris trip together. I'm very much looking forward to it!

If I have enough time, I do enjoy cooking. For time efficiency, during my work days, I cook really simple food and the main focus is to make sure I get enough nutrition. But I do like cooking for others even if it takes double the time. Sharing food makes me happy. I feel sad if I am the only person who knows how good my meal is... Also, cooking is a small creation where I can get into the zone.

I'd like to design a digital menu kind of like an invitation card for her.

## Flower arranging

I recently joined two workshops to learn flower arranging. Quite enjoyable! I like being surrounded by flowers and trees. Also got to know a few ladies who have been working here for so many years. 

Through chatting with them I got a lot of different perspectives, towards work, towards life. The common thing is, the majority of them are married or have kids. I suddenly realized that it will be **challenging** if I want to live in Europe for the long term without a partner... Unlike in China where I can get my parents' support, in Europe I am pretty much on my own... It becomes a realistic question now—do I want to live here in the long term? I have no idea actually... I feel after moving to the new apartment, my overall situation and my mood have become way much better than before. 

I had this conversation with H before... She was saying, it is okay to not be married but you would need a child in the end... My mom was saying the same... haha they both think a child is better than having a husband...

Anyway, I am just noting down my thoughts recently, now I am going to read some books and sleep.